in this video we're going to walk
through how to review your performance
by locations so what you're going to do
Step One is head over to campaigns
insights and reports when and where ADS
showed if your UI looks a little bit
different than mine then you could
always just search here to try to find
it and once you get here you're going to
see all of the different countries in
which your account is serving ads and
spending money there's two ways you
could do this analysis you could do it
at the account view or you could do it
at the campaign View it's really up to
you and how you want to do it but in
terms of the analysis piece and and what
we're going to walk through it's the
exact same for both so I'm going to keep
it to the account view make sure you
have your custom date range set properly
based on your time frame as well as uh
columns make sure you have all the data
you want to see in your columns and once
you've done that you're going to go and
click download to excel CSV and we're
going to put this into a pivot table and
it's going to follow a very similar
process like most of the steps that
you've been going through have been
following along in the optimization
workflow template we're going to be
summarizing this data just like we did
with some of the other things like
campaign performance by theme this one
though is much easier because Google
just gives us this report already
formatted and ready to go so first
things first we're going to delete our
total rows then we're going to delete
these rows here at the top now we're
going to put this into a table just like
we've talked about and we're going to
summarize this with the pivot table and
then now we're going to put location
here as our row and then now it's up to
you to put whatever metrics you want to
visualize based on what you downloaded
so I'm going to sort by
cost and now I can really easily see
okay here's how much we spent in the US
Canada so on and so forth I'll put
conversions
here so now I can see my
cost versus my conversions and I can see
okay the United States drove this many
and so on and so forth it's helpful to
you to put a percentage column uh so in
this case you just we'll do C4 /
c16 and then now we can see the
percentage as a whole so the US is
responsible for 74% of our conversions
Canada
16% UK 9% and so on and so forth and
then uh if you are reporting from Excel
and you want to share these reports with
people then you could just format this
table
to to look more presentable so uh if you
come to design they've got all these
different templates you could
use and you could make sure
to apply this for uh for your visuals so
just something like this but definitely
would recommend that you are automating
this process in the future but to begin
especially if you're not dealing with a
large account it doesn't take much work
to to do this manually and now we can
really easily see okay we've got a
visual by country and then from here
it's just a matter of adding any other
columns that you want to see to this
report you could also uh Nest
information in here as well so for
example if you want to know let's say we
wanted to to drill in you could come
here to pivot table analyze and you can
use this thing called a slicer and the
slicer basically lets you drill in to a
specific thing so it's a pretty cool
little feature so for example mat
location now I can slice my data based
on a specific match location so for
example let's say un States and you can
see now it'll just show me United States
so it's a pretty cool little Dynamic
tool you can use alongside your pivot
table to uh understand performance
outside of this you could you could also
just add like a a good
oldfashioned um how do you say filter so
for example if I only wanted to
see I wanted to add a filter of
conversions greater than one then I can
do that and now I only see countries
that drove at least one conversion so
it's a pretty cool tool um and that's
really it for this video so you're going
to go ahead and summarize your
performance by country and you want to
take note of certain countries that are
getting the The Lion Share of budget
that maybe shouldn't be so maybe that's
an opportunity to exclude those
locations or you want to take a look at
which countries are performing really
well but they don't have enough budget
maybe that's an opportunity to separate
those countries into their own campaigns
and then guarantee dedicated budget
towards them so these are the kind of
things you want to ask yourself when
you're analyzing your performance by